Oh
we couldn't go any longer without
practicing her culture or it too would
die our staff and Natural Resources done
everything we've done the politics we've
done the work we've raised the money
we've got the science the manpower
collaboration with all the agencies
state federal local city county the
other tribes work together to protect
Stillaguamish chinook so there is a
future for not only our generations but
everybody opportunity to fish I want to
thank you each and every one of you for
being here to witness this it's a very
very special occasion for us honored to
have you as guess it's time to come home
replenish the run
Oh
you